Document async_register_platform_entity_service service helper (#2787)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/dev_101_services.md

Sometimes you want to provide extra actions to control your entities. For example, the Sonos integration provides action to group and ungroup devices. Entity service actions are special because there are many different ways a user can specify entities. It can use areas, a group or a list of entities.

Register entity service actions with `homeassistant.helpers.service.async_register_platform_entity_service`. Register actions under your integration domain (for example, sonos), not under the platform domain (for example, the media_player domain). You can pass a schema to `async_register_platform_entity_service` if the entity service action has fields. The schema can be:

- A dictionary which will automatically be passed to `cv._make_entity_service_schema`
- A validator returned by `cv._make_entity_service_schema`
- A validator returned by `cv._make_entity_service_schema`, wrapped in a `vol.Schema`
- A validator returned by `cv._make_entity_service_schema`, wrapped in a `vol.All`

> Example code, added to `homeassistant/components/sonos/__init__.py`:

Author: I think we should add a note saying all services should be registered in async_setup()/setup(), with a link to the IQS rule

> Example code, added to `homeassistant/components/sonos/__init__.py`:

Author: Since we're documenting new functionality, there's no example yet.
This PR updates Sonos to make use of the new functionality: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/152047

```python
from homeassistant.components.media_player import DOMAIN as MEDIA_PLAYER_DOMAIN
from homeassistant.core import HomeAssistant
from homeassistant.helpers.typing import ConfigType
from homeassistant.helpers import config_validation as cv, service
import voluptuous as vol

DOMAIN = "sonos"
SERVICE_SET_TIMER = "set_sleep_timer"

async def async_setup(hass: HomeAssistant, config: ConfigType) -> bool:
    """Set up the Sonos integration."""

>      # This will call Entity.set_sleep_timer(sleep_time=VALUE)

Author: ```suggestion
     # This will call each entity's `set_sleep_timer` method with `sleep_time=VALUE`
```

>     # This will call each entity's `set_sleep_timer` method with `sleep_time=VALUE`

Author: ```suggestion
    # This will call each targeted entity's `set_sleep_timer` method with `sleep_time=VALUE`
```

>      # This will call each entity's `set_sleep_timer` method with `sleep_time=VALUE`

Author: ```suggestion
    # This will call each entity's `set_sleep_timer` method with `sleep_time=VALUE`
```
